p244: Utah residents felt at the time that a vital part ofthe state's natural history was being "mined" for the benefit of scientists and institutions from outside the state [...] For more than three decades after the excavations bitter feelings persisted toward the Carnegie Museum and other institutions outside Utah.

p252: Despite the presence of a national monument, the Carnegie Museum continued to reap the primary benefits of the quarry. The federal government did little to aid other interested parties, including scientists from Utah. [...] Holland continued to behave as if his institution alone should have rights to the quarry, exacerbating relations with the National Museum and other institutions and paleontologists.

p254: [Holland's contempt for Vernal]

p255-256: "With encouragement from [Earl] Douglass, the [Vernal] Commercial Club and Chamber of Commerce sought help from Utah Congressman Don B. Colton in 1924. He soon introduced a bill to fund additionad excavation and wrote to NPS director Stephen Mather strongly objecting to characterization of the [DMN] quarry as a hole in the ground and urging development of the site. It was not to be. [... The NPS] refused to support Colton's bill, and it died almost as quickly as it was introduced."

p257-258: "As they watched the dinosaur skeletons transported out of Utah to a distant museum in Pittsburgh, residents felt that an important part of the state's natural history had been removed forever and that Utah had little to show for the whole affair. Determined to prevent a repetition of this episode, some Utahns began to plan for a state museum where fossils uncovered in the future might be housed. [...] The state's Department of Publicity provided funds to establish the Utah Field House of Natural History. The museum opened in Vernal on October 29, 1948, accompanied by much local fanfare. [...] According to the museum's director, G. E. Untermann, the primary reason for the new museum was to preserve and place on display fossils from Utah "in the place of their origin." Untermann's words carried a sense of determination, along with faint echoes ofthe bitter memories of the Carnegie Museum and National Park Service."

p260-261: [Untermann's anger at being prevented from obtaining surplus fossils from the Carnegie for the Field House.]

